include/questions/SOLVED.md, before:

# Solved questions

| #    | Title                                              | Difficulty | Cat.          | Tag               |
|------|----------------------------------------------------|------------|---------------|-------------------|
| 4    | Median of Two Sorted Arrays                        | Hard       | Binary search |                   |
| 20   | Valid Parentheses                                  | Easy       |               |                   |
| 21   | Merge Two Sorted Lists                             | Easy       |               |                   |
| 26   | Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array                | Easy       | Array         | Top-Interview-150 |
| 27   | Remove Element                                     | Easy       | Array, Sort   | Top-Interview-150 |
| 28   | Find the Index of the First Occurrence in a String | Easy       |               |                   |
| 35   | Search Insert Position                             | Easy       |               |                   |
| 54   | Spiral Matrix                                      | Medium     | Queue         |                   |
| 56   | Merge Intervals                                    | Medium     | Sort          |                   |
| 75   | Sort Colors                                        | Medium     | Sort          |                   |
| 80   | Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array II             | Medium     | Array         | Top-Interview-150 |
| 88   | Merge Sorted Array                                 | Easy       | Array         | Top-Interview-150 |
| 92   | Reverse Linked List II                             | Medium     | Linked List   |                   |
| 121  | Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock                    | Easy       | Array         | Top-Interview-150 |
| 148  | Sort List                                          | Medium     | Sort          |                   |
| 141  | Linked List Cycle                                  | Medium     | Linked List   |                   |
| 142  | Linked List Cycle II                               | Medium     | Linked List   |                   |
| 148  | Sort List                                          | Medium     | Sort          |                   |
| 150  | Evaluate Reverse Polish Notation                   | Medium     | Stack         |                   |
| 155  | Min Stack                                          | Medium     | Stack         |                   |
| 160  | Intersection of Two Linked Lists                   | Medium     | Linked List   |                   |
| 169  | Majority Element                                   | Easy       | Array         | Top-Interview-150 |
| 179  | Largest Number                                     | Medium     |               |                   |
| 189  | Rotate Array                                       | Medium     | Array         | Top-Interview-150 |
| 206  | Reverse Linked List                                | Easy       | Linked List   |                   |
| 215  | Kth Largest Element in an Array                    | Medium     | Sort          |                   |
| 224  | Basic Calculator                                   | Hard       | Stack         |                   |
| 225  | Implement Stack using Queues                       | Easy       | Queue         |                   |
| 227  | Basic Calculator II                                | Medium     | Stack         |                   |
| 232  | Implement Queue using Stacks                       | Easy       | Stack         |                   |
| 281  | Zigzag Iterator                                    | Medium     | Queue         |                   |
| 328  | Odd Even Linked List                               | Medium     | Linked List   |                   |
| 346  | Moving Average from Data Stream                    | Easy       | Queue         |                   |
| 876  | Middle of the Linked List                          | Easy       | Linked List   |                   |
| 1429 | First Unique Number                                | Medium     | Queue         |                   |

Commit message:

Leetcode 122. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II

include/questions/SOLVED.md, after:

# Solved questions

| #    | Title                                              | Difficulty | Cat.          | Tag               |
|------|----------------------------------------------------|------------|---------------|-------------------|
| 4    | Median of Two Sorted Arrays                        | Hard       | Binary search |                   |
| 20   | Valid Parentheses                                  | Easy       |               |                   |
| 21   | Merge Two Sorted Lists                             | Easy       |               |                   |
| 26   | Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array                | Easy       | Array         | Top-Interview-150 |
| 27   | Remove Element                                     | Easy       | Array, Sort   | Top-Interview-150 |
| 28   | Find the Index of the First Occurrence in a String | Easy       |               |                   |
| 35   | Search Insert Position                             | Easy       |               |                   |
| 54   | Spiral Matrix                                      | Medium     | Queue         |                   |
| 56   | Merge Intervals                                    | Medium     | Sort          |                   |
| 75   | Sort Colors                                        | Medium     | Sort          |                   |
| 80   | Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array II             | Medium     | Array         | Top-Interview-150 |
| 88   | Merge Sorted Array                                 | Easy       | Array         | Top-Interview-150 |
| 92   | Reverse Linked List II                             | Medium     | Linked List   |                   |
| 121  | Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock                    | Easy       | Array         | Top-Interview-150 |
| 121  | Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II                 | Medium     | Array         | Top-Interview-150 |
| 148  | Sort List                                          | Medium     | Sort          |                   |
| 141  | Linked List Cycle                                  | Medium     | Linked List   |                   |
| 142  | Linked List Cycle II                               | Medium     | Linked List   |                   |
| 148  | Sort List                                          | Medium     | Sort          |                   |
| 150  | Evaluate Reverse Polish Notation                   | Medium     | Stack         |                   |
| 155  | Min Stack                                          | Medium     | Stack         |                   |
| 160  | Intersection of Two Linked Lists                   | Medium     | Linked List   |                   |
| 169  | Majority Element                                   | Easy       | Array         | Top-Interview-150 |
| 179  | Largest Number                                     | Medium     |               |                   |
| 189  | Rotate Array                                       | Medium     | Array         | Top-Interview-150 |
| 206  | Reverse Linked List                                | Easy       | Linked List   |                   |
| 215  | Kth Largest Element in an Array                    | Medium     | Sort          |                   |
| 224  | Basic Calculator                                   | Hard       | Stack         |                   |
| 225  | Implement Stack using Queues                       | Easy       | Queue         |                   |
| 227  | Basic Calculator II                                | Medium     | Stack         |                   |
| 232  | Implement Queue using Stacks                       | Easy       | Stack         |                   |
| 281  | Zigzag Iterator                                    | Medium     | Queue         |                   |
| 328  | Odd Even Linked List                               | Medium     | Linked List   |                   |
| 346  | Moving Average from Data Stream                    | Easy       | Queue         |                   |
| 876  | Middle of the Linked List                          | Easy       | Linked List   |                   |
| 1429 | First Unique Number                                | Medium     | Queue         |                   |
